Documentation update (#167)
graphile/graphile.github.io: src/pages/graphile-build/hooks.md

const MyType = new GraphQLObjectType(hook3(hook2(hook1(spec))));
```

Hooks are registered via a call to [`builder.hook(hookName, hookFunction)`](/graphile-build/schema-builder/#hookhookname-hookfunction).

Every `hookFunction` must synchronously return a value - either the value that it was passed
or a derivative of it (preferably immutable, but we're not strict on that).

> Hook functions for one hook by default run in the order they were registered, that is why the order of plugins is sometimes relevant.

Author: See https://github.com/graphile/graphile-engine/pull/416 - this might require an update. Probably the full description should reside at the `/graphile-build/schema-builder/#hookhookname-hookfunction`.

    by [`makeNewBuild`](https://github.com/graphile/graphile-engine/blob/v4.4.4/packages/graphile-build/src/makeNewBuild.js#L230)
2.  The `inflection` hook allows plugins to add new inflection methods to the `build.inflection` object, or overwrite previously declared ones.
3.  The `build` hook allows plugins to add new utility methods to the `build` object itself, or overwrite previously declared ones.
4.  The `init` hook is the setup phase where the schema types get created by the plugins,
    using the [`newWithHooks`](/graphile-build/build-object/#newwithhookstype-spec-scope)
    or [`addType`](/graphile-build/build-object/#addtypetype-graphqlnamedtype) methods of the build object.
    For example, the [default `StandardTypesPlugin`](/graphile-build/default-plugins/#standardtypesplugin) registers the builtin scalars,
    or the PostGraphile plugins register the types found in the introspection results.
5.  The schema is constructed using `newWithHooks(GraphQLSchema, …)`, where the `query`, `mutation` and `subscription` root operations
    are configured by the respective [default plugins](/graphile-build/default-plugins)

>     and [other schema options](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/blob/v14.5.6/src/type/schema.js#L318-L324) can be adjusted.

Author: Problem is that the online documentation at https://graphql.org/graphql-js/type/#graphqlschema is either out of date or does deliberately omit things.  `query` and `mutation` are already handled by the default plugins, so to understand what this hook might be useful for one needs to look at the "expert" configuration options.

>     and [other schema options](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-js/blob/v14.5.6/src/type/schema.js#L318-L324) can be adjusted.

Reviewer: Fair. I think it deliberately omits things. Also it's out of date. :+1:

> 6.  The `finalize` hook allows plugins to alter the schema instance and all its contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  The `finalize` hook allows plugins to replace the schema that has been built with an alternative (likely derivative) schema, should that be desired. It also opens an opportunity to do something with the built schema (for example log it out) before it is returned.
```

During the `init` hook, the [hooks for the respective GraphQL types](/graphile-build/all-hooks/) are applied [in the

> `newWithHooks` function](https://github.com/graphile/graphile-engine/blob/v4.4.4/packages/graphile-build/src/makeNewBuild.js#L329),

Reviewer: I think footnotes might be more appropriate for this level of detail - I don't think people starting with the library necessarily want links to the source.

Author: I found it very useful to understand how the hook system works - of course ideally documentation will be good enough so that people don't have to read the source any more. Should I rather link to https://www.graphile.org/graphile-build/build-object/#newwithhookstype-spec-scope and put the details there?

Reviewer: It's a philosophical thing; I think the docs should only call out to the underlying source code when that's critically important in what they're doing - for example writing inflectors. The rest of the time, the documentation should be standalone.

Adding embellishments about how it works internally is totally fine _in a footnote_ but it shouldn't be in the main body of the text. People shouldn't feel that they have to read the source in order to know how to use it. Also the source should evolve over time, but the docs should be stable - the docs outline the intended behaviour and interface, whereas the code outlines the _actual_ behaviour/interface, which is a moving target.

Author: Is there a syntax for footnotes in the used markdown engine?

Reviewer: Apparently this syntax should work; but I've not tried it:

```md
This is normal body copy.[^also] It includes a couple footnotes.[^thing]

[^also]:
  This is a footnote.

[^thing]:
  This is another footnote.
```

Reviewer: We're using gatsby; so you can search "gatsby footnote" and maybe experiment with some of those plugins if you're so inclined :+1:

- `scope` - an object based on the third argument to `newWithHooks` or
  `fieldWithHooks`; for deeper hooks (such as `GraphQLObjectType:fields:field`)
  the scope from shallower hooks (such as `GraphQLObjectType`) are merged in.

> - `Self` - only available on deferred hooks that are called after the object is created

Reviewer: This sentence is now a little redundant, lets move the redundancy to parenthesis:

```suggestion
- `Self` - only available on deferred hooks (those that are called after the object is created,
   e.g. `GraphQLOb...
```
